The Dreamer for the Starlight–In Memory of Erwin Smith

Erwin Smith, the 13th Captain of the Scout Regiment, had been the spirit and the embodiment of the Scout Regiment during his service. In the manga's timeline, Erwin Smith first appeared as the leader of the defeated Scout Regiment Corp before the childish eyes of the young Eren and Mikasa, giving the audience the first impression as a tragic and tough leader. However, the audience would soon find out that, despite the Scout Regiment's humiliating record battling with the titans due to natural gap of power between human and titans, Erwin played very important role in the human resistance against the titans Throughout most of the major early events including the Battle of Trost, the 57th expedition, the Battle of Wall Rose, the Battle of Recapturing Eren, the coup d'etat and the landmark Battle of Shiganshina District, Erwin led the Scout Regiment and sought for the comparative optimal outcomes with his sacrificial and decisive leadership style. Erwin was also portrayed as a solid positive character in most of the scenes before his real life goal being revealed. Before his death in the Battle of Shiganshina District, Erwin revealed in his mind and the conversation with Levi that his entire service as the captain, including the cold blooded decision to sacrifice countless soldiers, was intending to justify his father's theory and unveil the truth of human history, that a different narration of initiation of human lives existed before people got into the Walls. In such, Erwin's death led to conflicting viewpoints of whether Erwin was a great leader or a selfish villain. The essay wishes to argue that Erwin is a great leader because of the perfect agreement between Erwin's personal goal and the Eldian people's pursuit of a better future, the mirroring character construction with Mikasa as the sacrifice of unwanted causes, and the stubborn, loyal pursuit of freedom.

Though the author deployed a deceiving tone of narration when uncovering

Erwin's personal goal, Erwin's goal was, however, in conjunction with the board objectives of the Eldian people. In the manga, the author frequently attempted to portray the complexity and darkness of human personalities, which the most famous example includes Eren's final admission that his decision to launch rumbling lacked successful consideration, but was more due to his selfish desire. Similar to the final collapse of Eren's character construction, the intention to collapse Erwin's character construction as a positive, bright, and strong-willed Captain was also implicit when the author exposed Erwin's real intention before his death. In the narration of Erwin's own thinking, Erwin considered that the entire path of his life and service was to justify his father's theory, instead of his public announcement of serving the human kind. However, it is important to note that Erwin's actions and decisions strongly support the argument that, despite Erwin's own thinking, Erwin's actual work was still dedicated to fulfill the Eldians brighter future against the titans' threat. It might be true that Erwin's intention was not consistent with his public speeches, but Erwin truly dedicated his own life and benefit to his commands. For example, during the battle of Recapturing Eren, in which Erwin led the Scouts Regiment to save Eren from the hands of the Reiner, Ymir, and Bertolt, Erwin fanatically commanded the soldiers to charge towards the group of titans. The soldiers were intimidated by the command and would not dedicate themselves to the command, but Erwin stood up by sacrificing himself and setting up the example. When Erwin charged and got bitten by a titan, instead of calling the soldiers to save him, Erwin swung his sword and encouraged the soldiers to continue the charge, regardless of his safety. The soldiers were encouraged by Erwin's leadership and were convinced to complete the charge. Erwin's example in the battle of Recapturing Eren shows that Erwin would led the charge for his own challenging command, such that Erwin was being responsible

for his commands, which were under the banner of "saving the human race." Hence, by getting into the danger of his own commands, Erwin's actions show that Erwin's commands were not only under the claim of fighting for the human race, but they were given to truly push towards the better future of the human race. Erwin proves his integrity not only through his applications, but also through the broad implication of his personal goal. It is known that Erwin's personal goal is to uncover the truth of humans in the walls and to justify his father's theory. Though Erwin was affected by his selfishness, his goal, though, practically contributed to the benefits of the Eldian people because the realization of their true history was the key to remind the Eldian people against external threats. After the battle of Shiganshina District, Grisha's basement was uncovered, and the Eldian government found the truth of the Eldian people's history, which was the life mission of Erwin. By doing so, the Eldian government effectively initiated the actions to protect the Eldian people, such as the infiltration mission into Marley, collaboration with other powers in the world, and accelerating technological development. All these progress were both contributed by Erwin's brilliant work and his unfinished life mission, the realization of the true history of people in the wall. Furthermore, Erwin, under the persuasion of Levi, decided to give up the desire of going to Grisha's basement and instead submit to the human's bigger cause, which was to lead the charge to the Beast Titan and tried to pursue the victory. Despite Erwin's self exposure of his private desire, Erwin's actual decisions and the essence of his life goal all contributed to the "human race," namely the Eldian people.

The essay wishes to argue that, like Mikasa, Erwin was a sacrifice for the bigger goal of the "human race," regardless of their true desire. Why do I introduce Mikasa? One reason is that I LOVE MIKASA. The author desired to name the essay "I LOVE MIKASA," but the author did not find a prompt that enabled the author to do so, so the author needed to do this fun thing at

least somewhere in the essay. However, it is essential to realize the juxtaposition between Mikasa's and Erwin's lives. In an ideal world, what kind of lives would Erwin and Mikasa choose? The essay wishes to argue that, at least, both of them preferred not to prioritize the Scout Regiment. Mikasa's dream life was shown in the final episode, in which Mikasa dreamed to live an independent normal life with her loved one, Eren, alone in the wilderness. It was Eren who formed her sole reason to join the Scout Regiment, as Mikasa's only goal was to protect and accompany Eren. However, ironically, Mikasa was eventually forced to execute Eren, and despite the fulfillment of "a bigger cause," which was to save the rest of people in the world and to stop the Rumbling, Mikasa became the sacrifice who had to bear the deepest pain of losing the loved one. Similarly, Erwin's life goal was not to find success and reputation in the Scout Regiment, but to safely explore the truth of human history with his dear father. It must be true that different audiences forms different opinion about the story, but the essay wishes to say that the anime gives the audience an impression that Erwin was very deeply affected by his childhood tragedy of losing the father due to his leak of secret, such that this incident emerged into a life mission of justifying his father's theory that human history existed before people got into the walls. However, the reality was that Erwin could not go to the basement of Grisha because he needed to lead the new soldiers to charge toward the Beast Titan, and he also could not share anything with his father because his father was dead. Like Mikasa's killing of Eren, Erwin's choice to abandon the desire to explore Grisha's basement was a forced, tragic decision that fulfills "bigger cause" at the cost of one's most treasured hope. Hence, Erwin's selfish goal of exploring true human history should not be the reason against his identity as a great Captain because Erwin was positioned by the author as a sacrifice of "human benefits," and it is important to realize that Erwin's identity should be recognized from multiple perspectives. Not

only was Erwin the Captain of the Scout Regiment, but Erwin was also, as always, a young child who was angered by his father's unjust death and a truthful child who was impressed by the beauty of a possible truth of human history. In such, as Erwin fulfilled his responsibilities as the Captain of the Scout Regiment, his diverted life mission should be well understood as a natural product of a self-minded character, like Mikasa and other similar characters in the anime. Last of all, the essay realizes that this sentence is extra, but I LOVE MIKASA.

While Erwin was being recognized both inside and outside of the anime as a talented and decisive leader of the Scout Regiment, the essay wishes to treasure Erwin's true identity as the lone traveler towards "freedom." Not only does a juxtaposition of Mikasa's and Erwin's narration exist, but there also exists a connection among Grisha, Eren and Erwin in that their life was deeply shaped by tragedy in their youth. In Eren's youth, Eren witnessed his mother being eaten by the titan, and since then, Eren became one of the deepest advocates to exterminate the titans, and such desire heavily contributed to Eren's growth over time. In Grisha's life, Grisha and his sister actively left their allowed region as discriminated against Eldian people, and this led to his sister being murdered. Such tragedy led to Grisha's deep hatred against the discriminators, and Grisha eventually stepped to the position of the owner of the Attacking Titan. Similarly, Erwin's life trajectory of exploring the exterior region of the island as the Captain of the Scout Regiment was heavily influenced by the tragedy of Erwin's father being killed due to a leak of secrets about the truth of human history. Erwin raised up in his father's lecture, proposing the idea that there was no memory of human lives before being in the Walls. As a result, his father secretly told him about the truth that the king altered people's memory, and was being killed. It is important to realize that for all three of them, their lives were penetrated by the extreme desire to revenge for their youth tragedy by pursuing some causes, like Eren's goal to

exterminate the titans, Grisha's goal to revive the Eldian people, and Erwin's goal to uncover the truth of human history. More importantly, they all "went beyond the walls." Grisha went beyond the allowed region for Eldian people to be at. Eren went beyond the designated destiny of the Eldian people by using the ability of the Attacking Titan to alter his father's perception of reality, steal the Founding Titan by killing the royal family, and implicitly allowed his mother's tragedy. Erwin went beyond the king's control of people's thoughts and challenged the truthfulness of historical record, and he, due to the death of his father, dedicated his life in the exploration of the world outside of the walls and the uncovering of the truth of human history. In such, it is necessary to realize that Erwin joins Grisha and Eren in their life long pursuit of freedom, and such pursuit was like a destiny that exists throughout their entire life, from early tragedy to a fanatical life of fierce struggle. If the main theme of freedom in Attack on Titan is like the brightest star that shines upon the starry sky of the Attack on Titan world, then Erwin definitely reaches the caliber of the historical owners of the Attacking Titan, like Eren and Grisha, as they all desired to be the lonely chaser of that brightest star. In such, Erwin was not only a great Captain of the Scout Regiment, but also a great character of the Attack on Titan narration. In such, is Erwin's decision of abandoning Grisha's basement and leading the charge a defeat against his life goal? No, because by doing so, Erwin freed himself from the bondage of his own life goal, and hence acquired freedom. By contributing to the victory against the Beast Titan, he also won the reward of the true human history for the rest of the people, like Eren and the Eldian government.

In conclusion, it is obvious that the complexity of Erwin's character construction is not only horizontal in the way that noble speech and selfish goal coexist, but also vertical in that Erwin's life goal emerged from the death of his own father and eventually mirrored back to his

real existence as a chaser of freedom, like Eren and Grisha. In such, Erwin was a great leader for the Scouts Regiment, and furthermore, Erwin was also a great leader for the entire Attack on Titan in embodying the theme of freedom.

Enoch Zhou "Plot Analysis" Prompt 2 November 6, 2023